docs: highlight Git Credential Manager as alternative to PATs/SSH keys (#17201)
github/docs: data/reusables/user-settings/password-authentication-deprecation.md

> Password-based authentication for Git will no longer work, as it has been removed in favor of more secure authentication methods. Instead use a credential helper like [Git Credential Manager](https://github.com/GitCredentialManager/git-credential-manager/blob/f5bd57908b17e7772dde33d84c3a2634fb9d4768/README.md#git-credential-manager) or a [personal access token](/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token)."

Reviewer: What about for GHAE? The original text had "if not GHAE" conditionals?

Also drop the "," from ".. no longer work, as it has .."

Author: Well-spotted, thank you.

> When Git prompts you for your password, enter your personal access token (PAT). Alternatively, you can use a credential helper like [Git Credential Manager](https://aka.ms/gcm).{% ifversion not ghae %} Password-based authentication for Git has been removed in favor of more secure authentication methods.{% endif %} For more information, see "[Creating a personal access token](/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token)." 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When Git prompts you for your password, enter your personal access token (PAT). Alternatively, you can use a credential helper like [Git Credential Manager](https://github.com/GitCredentialManager/git-credential-manager/blob/main/README.md).{% ifversion not ghae %} Password-based authentication for Git has been removed in favor of more secure authentication methods.{% endif %} For more information, see "[Creating a personal access token](/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token)." 
```

> When Git prompts you for your password, enter your personal access token (PAT). Alternatively, you can use a credential helper like [Git Credential Manager](https://aka.ms/gcm).{% ifversion not ghae %} Password-based authentication for Git has been removed in favor of more secure authentication methods.{% endif %} For more information, see "[Creating a personal access token](/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token)." 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When Git prompts you for your password, enter your personal access token (PAT). Alternatively, you can use a credential helper like [Git Credential Manager](https://github.com/GitCredentialManager/git-credential-manager/blob/main/README.md).{% ifversion not ghae %} Password-based authentication for Git has been removed in favor of more secure authentication methods.{% endif %} For more information, see "[Creating a personal access token](/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token)." 
```
